README.md	Initial commit	17 days ago
cloud.png	Add files via upload	17 days ago
gameOver.png	Add files via upload	17 days ago
ground2.png	Add files via upload	17 days ago
index.html	Add files via upload	17 days ago
obstacle1.png	Add files via upload	17 days ago
obstacle2.png	Add files via upload	17 days ago
obstacle3.png	Add files via upload	17 days ago
obstacle4.png	Add files via upload	17 days ago
obstacle5.png	Add files via upload	17 days ago
obstacle6.png	Add files via upload	17 days ago
p5.dom.min.js	Add files via upload	17 days ago
p5.js	Add files via upload	17 days ago
p5.play.js	Add files via upload	17 days ago
p5.sound.min.js	Add files via upload	17 days ago
restart.png	Add files via upload	17 days ago
sketch.js	Add files via upload	17 days ago
style.css	Add files via upload	17 days ago
trex1.png	Add files via upload	17 days ago
trex3.png	Add files via upload	17 days ago
trex4.png	Add files via upload	17 days ago
trex_collided.png	Add files via upload
